feat(server): add ability to pipe middlewares (#3489)
trpc/trpc: www/docs/server/middlewares.md

> Context swapping in tRPC is a very powerful feature that allows you to create base procedures that can create base procedures that dynamically infers new context in a flexible and typesafe manner.

Reviewer: ```
allows you to create base procedures that can create base procedures that
```

???

  //                                                 ^?
});
```

> ## Piping(unstable) (extending)
> 
> Piping is a powerful feature that allows you to extend middlewares in a typesafe manner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Extending middlewares

:::Info
We have prefixed this as `unstable_` as it's a new API that might change its name in future versions, but the feature is well-tested, is running in production already, and we highly encourage you to use it.
:::

We have a powerful feature called `.pipe()` which allows you to extend middlewares in a typesafe manner.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should add a section in the FAQ what it means to us when we have prefixed something with `unstable_`:

> If you encounter a feature in tRPC that is marked as `unstable_` it means that the API is unstable and might change in minor version bumps, but:
> 
> - We encourage you to use it
> - If it exists in tRPC we're already using it in prod
> - Specifics of the implementation might change in minor changes - its name and options might change
> - If any changes are done to `unstable_features`, they will be included in the release notes
> - Report any suggestion on the API design or issues on https://github.com/trpc/trpc/issues

  //                                                 ^?
});
```

## Extending middlewares

:::info
We have prefixed this as `unstable_` as it's a new API, but you're safe to use it! [Read more](faq#unstable).
:::

We have a powerful feature called `.pipe()` which allows you to extend middlewares in a typesafe manner.

Below we have an example of a middleware that extends a base middleware(foo). Like the context swapping example above, piping middlewares will change properties of the context, and procedures will receive the new context value.

```ts twoslash
// @target: esnext
import { TRPCError, initTRPC } from '@trpc/server';

const t = initTRPC.create();
const publicProcedure = t.procedure;
const router = t.router;
const middleware = t.middleware;

// ---cut---

const fooMiddleware = middleware(({ next }) => {
  return next({
    ctx: {
      foo: 'foo' as const,
    },
  });
});

const barMiddleware = fooMiddleware.unstable_pipe(({ ctx, next }) => {
  ctx.foo;
  //   ^?
  return next({
    ctx: {
      bar: 'bar' as const,
    },
  });
});

> const procedure = publicProcedure.use(barMiddleware);
> 
> export const appRouter = router({
>   example: procedure.query(({ ctx }) => ctx.bar),
>   //                                    ^?
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const barProcedure = publicProcedure.use(barMiddleware);

barProcedure.query(({ ctx }) => ctx.bar);
//                              ^?
```
